C++ has the ability to provide the operators with as special meaning for a data type. 
The mechanism of giving such special meanings to an operator is known as operator overloading. 
We can overload all the operators except the following:
    Class member access operator (“.” And ”.*”) 
    Scope resolution operator (“::”)
    Size operator (sizeof)
    Conditional operator (“?:”)

To define an additional task to an operator, specify what it means in relation to the class to which the operator is applied. 
This is done with the help of a special function, called operator function.
The process of overloading involves following steps:
    1. Create a class that defines the data type that is to be used in the overloading operation.
    2. Declare the operator function operator op() in the public part of the class. It may be a member function or a friend function.
    3. Here op is the operator to be overloaded.
    4. Define the operator function to implement the required operations.

General Form:-
return-type classname :: operator op(arglist)
{
    // Function body
}

Operator overloading concept can be applied in following two major areas (Benefits)
    1. Extension of usage of operators
    2. Data conversions

Rules to be followed for operator overloading:-
    1.Only existing operators can be overloaded.
    2.Overloaded operators must have at least one operand that is of user defined operators.
    3.We cannot change basic meaning of an operator.
    4.Overloaded operator must follow minimum characteristics that of original operator.
    5.When using binary operator overloading through member function, the left hand operand must be an object of relevant class.

The number of arguments in the overloaded operator‟ s arguments list depends
    1. Operator function must be either member function or friend function.
    2. If operator function is a friend function then it will have one argument for unary operator & two arguments for binary operator.
    3. If operator function is a member function then it will have Zero argument for unary operator & one arguments for binary operator.
